# Spectrum-Based-Traffic-Clasification-in-Wireless-Network-using-Deep-Hybrid-Neural-Network
+
#Abstract
+In recent years, trafﬁc classiﬁcation (TC) represents an important issue in managing and optimizing the wireless network capacity. With the growth of numerous wireless technologies, it has become more challenging to develop an efﬁcient TC system. Deep learning (DL) based architecture provides feasible
solution in today’s complex and modern scenarios where even trafﬁc is encrypted. Traditional TC using DL based architecture exploits the byte/protocol representation of the packet at the link layer (L2) or above on the same radio network domain. It limits the efﬁcacy of the TC systems in wireless networks using shared
spectrum. Therefore, designing TC based on spectrum band generated physical layer (L1) packet using DL based architecture has received signiﬁcant research attention more recently. In this article, we propose a deep hybrid neural network that incorporates a deep convolutional network with a recurrent network to classify trafﬁc at layer 7 (L7) (e.g., application characterization and application identiﬁcation) of the radio network stack using L1 packets. The proposed network can capture spatio-temporal
feature correlation and use multiscale feature map to avoid vanishing gradient problem. From the simulation, it is seen that the proposed classiﬁer can achieve 98.25% accuracy and 86.28% accuracy for the task of application characterization and application detection, respectively. Simulation results unveil that our proposed network is very promising for classifying trafﬁc at L7 using the L1 packet.
